README.md, before:

# MissionHub Hybrid

## End to end testing

The angular-seed app comes with end-to-end tests, again written in [Jasmine][jasmine]. These tests
are run with the [Protractor][protractor] End-to-End test runner.  It uses native events and has
special features for Angular applications.

* the configuration is found at `e2e-tests/protractor-conf.js`
* the end-to-end tests are found in `e2e-tests/scenarios.js`

Protractor simulates interaction with our web app and verifies that the application responds
correctly. Therefore, our web server needs to be serving up the application, so that Protractor
can interact with it.

```
npm start
```

In addition, since Protractor is built upon WebDriver we need to install this.  The angular-seed
project comes with a predefined script to do this:

```
npm run update-webdriver
```

This will download and install the latest version of the stand-alone WebDriver tool.

Once you have ensured that the development web server hosting our application is up and running
and WebDriver is updated, you can run the end-to-end tests using the supplied npm script:

```
npm run protractor
```

This script will execute the end-to-end tests against the application being hosted on the
development server.

[protractor]: https://github.com/angular/protractor
[jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io

Commit message:

default to running tests in phantomjs

README.md, after:

# MissionHub Hybrid

## End to end testing

The angular-seed app comes with end-to-end tests, again written in [Jasmine][jasmine]. These tests
are run with the [Protractor][protractor] End-to-End test runner.  It uses native events and has
special features for Angular applications.

* the configuration is found at `e2e-tests/protractor-conf.js`
* the end-to-end tests are found in `e2e-tests/scenarios.js`

Protractor simulates interaction with our web app and verifies that the application responds
correctly. Therefore, our web server needs to be serving up the application, so that Protractor
can interact with it.

```
npm start
```

In addition, since Protractor is built upon WebDriver we need to install this.  The angular-seed
project comes with a predefined script to do this:

```
npm run update-webdriver
```

This will download and install the latest version of the stand-alone WebDriver tool.

Once you have ensured that the development web server hosting our application is up and running
and WebDriver is updated, you can run the end-to-end tests using the supplied npm script:

```
npm run protractor
```

This script will execute the end-to-end tests against the application being hosted on the
development server.

Protractor will run in headless mode by default but you can point chrome if you want with this:

```
npm run protractor:chrome
```

[protractor]: https://github.com/angular/protractor
[jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io
